In this video, I'm breaking down the
most effective lead generation strategy
you can use on LinkedIn as we move into
2026. You see, most people are doing
LinkedIn lead genen completely
backwards. The best strategy you could
use right now does not revolve around
cold outreach. What I'm seeing work
across the board is a strategy that
generates leads by attracting leads. And
I'm actively helping some of the top
voices on LinkedIn implement this exact
strategy to add six and sometimes even
seven figures of new revenue to their
business. So, without further ado, let
me show you how you can implement this
for yourself. Most founders I talk to
are relying on a LinkedIn lead
generation strategy that is wildly
outdated. I have anywhere from five to
10 calls each week with founders who
want to use LinkedIn to generate more
leads. And a lot of them are relying on
a lead genen strategy that is wildly
outdated as we head into 2026. A lot of
it is still too centered on cold
outbound. So sending a bunch of random
connection requests and cold DMs hoping
that someone bites and books a sales
call from you. This is just not an
efficient way to book meetings in 2026.
And a lot of founders are starting to
understand that and posting more content
on LinkedIn as a way to build a personal
brand and use what I call founder-ledd
content or content like go to market as
a way to build an audience and attract
leads inbound from the platform. But
even that strategy is becoming a bit
saturated and it's evolving and you're
going to have to evolve as a founder
doing content on LinkedIn in order to
continue to stand out and generate leads
from the platform. When it comes to the
cold outbound piece, think about how you
react when you get a random DM request
or a random connection request from
someone who you know is going to pitch
you their product and you're just not in
the market for it. You're not in the
mood. It's not a relevant pitch. It's
very canned, templated, generic. You're
not going to respond. So, why do you
think that your customers are going to
be any different? Customers buy from
people they know, like, and trust. And
when you're sending someone a completely
cold DM request on LinkedIn, you have
none of those things. And even if you
are on top of your targeting and list
building and you do personalize your
messages and you go through all this
effort, if you're doing cold outbound
alone, you're fighting an uphill battle
because even in those cases, people are
tending to turn a blind eye to the
messages they get. Now, if I was trying
to use LinkedIn as my main lead
generation channel, which I am in 2026,
I would still be focused on content like
go to market. Founder-led content is
still the way to build distribution for
your product. The strategy has only
evolved. Before you could get away with
posting generic tips and tricks and
advice. Now you have to lean a lot more
into narrative and your real hot takes
and opinions. You have to be willing to
tell your story and really take a stand
on what you believe in on the content on
the platform in order to stand out
because the goal with this is to post
content that only you can create. You
don't want to be posting stuff that an
AI tool can replicate in a matter of
seconds. Anyone with a $30 Chat GPT
subscription can produce a okay LinkedIn
post. They can copy your formatting.
They can copy even your writing style to
some extent, but they cannot copy your
opinions and your personal stories.
Austin Hughes, the founder of Unifi, is
a great example of someone who does
content like go to market extremely
well. And the reason why he does so well
on LinkedIn is, well, firstly, he's just
ruthlessly consistent. He posts every
single day, Monday through Friday, and
he's taken founder content extremely
seriously for the past 2 years. But if
you drill down into the content itself,
a lot of it is real personal stories and
anecdotes from his time building Unifi.
These are topics that AI cannot
replicate. They're not generic tips and
tricks. They're his real stories. So
this post, for example, the hook reads,
"I have to become a completely different
founder to get Unifi from 8 figures in
ARR to 9. Our next big milestone is $100
million ARR." So I'm shifting my focus
in 2026 in order to get there. personal
stories like this stand out on the
timeline, especially when you can add a
real life image that again proves that
this is not AI generated. Adam Robinson
is one of the OGs in founder life
content actually helped him launch his
LinkedIn presence and to this day he is
still crushing it. And one of the things
he does very well that helps set him
apart from the AI slop on the timeline
is he is not afraid to like Austin share
his personal stories but also really
stand on business when it comes to his
opinions. He has a real spine when it
comes to hot takes and opinions about
his industry that other people might not
agree with. This post is a perfect
example where he takes a pretty hard
stance against the idea of working 996
and doing all this crazy stuff that a
lot of VCs will recommend these days.
Adam genuinely believes this and he's
willing to share it on the timeline and
you actually don't have to be a founder
to take advantage of personal branding
on LinkedIn. I know it's called
founderled content but content like go
to market is not restricted to founders.
If you have people on your seuite that
are willing to build an audience on
LinkedIn, that is a massive advantage.
But if you look at other companies like
Starbridge for example, their CRO Matt
Stinson is extremely active on the
platform also posting about five [music]
times per week. And again, he's sharing
personal stories and anecdotes along
with images that prove again this is not
AI that help him build relatability with
his audience. So if he ends up doing
outreach on LinkedIn, it's not really
cold outreach, it's warm because they've
already seen him on the timeline. Now
let's talk strategy. what is actually
working in 2026 and how should you build
out your content strategy. You want to
treat your profile like a landing page.
If you're going to put all this effort
into building distribution and posting
content and getting all these eyeballs
on your account, you want to make sure
it's set up in as effective a way as
possible to convert those eyeballs into
followers who can eventually become
customers. I'll use my profile as an
example here. The good news is this
should only take you about 5 or 10
minutes and it's extremely simple. You
set it up once and forget it from there.
So, first things first, profile picture.
Do not over complicate this. Do a simple
corporate headsh shot. Don't use AI.
Just get a head shot and put that as
your profile picture. No selfies, no
action shots. Follow the same format
that I've got here. For your header,
doesn't really matter all that much.
I've had this same header for the past 5
years. I haven't changed it. Doesn't
really change a whole lot. You can do a
cool branded pretty header if you want
to, but it doesn't really matter. Next
thing is your headline. The headline
formula is extremely simple. All you're
going to do is put your role. So, mine
is CEO at Compound and co-founder of
BlueCast. And then a simple oneline
explanation of the value that someone is
going to get by following you or keeping
up with your content. And mine is
building a social media agency for B2B
companies. So if someone wants to build
a social media presence specifically on
LinkedIn, they're going to follow me.
What you don't want to do is get all
fancy with it. A lot of people do these
cheesy, corny headlines and it makes
them seem unserious. If you're trying to
sell to sophisticated buyers, they can
see right through all of the LinkedIn
content guru stuff. So keep it simple.
Similar line of thinking with your about
section. You do not need a novel here.
Don't have chat GPT or collage generate
this. Write it yourself. It can be
short, concise. All you want to do is
give a quick overview of your story,
what you do now, and then a bit of
social proof. So, if you look at mine,
scaling compound content studio social
media agency. We've helped 50 plus early
stage SAS and service founders launch
and scale founder content over the past
one and a half years. I've got to update
that. It's been 3 years and we've done
it for over a hundred. I also make a
quick call to action that I write my
newsletter every single week. By the
way, if you want that, the link is in
the description below. But notice how
it's not that long. Gets the job done.
Not that many people actually will go
and read your about section. So, you
want to have it set up, but don't
overthink this. [music] After that, you
want to set up your featured links. This
is one of the most powerful features on
your LinkedIn profile, and essentially
serves to give your audience an obvious
next step. All you want to do is one or
two, maybe three, but you don't want to
give people too many choices. Make their
next step obvious. And what I recommend
here is go to your site or book a demo
page. You can either go to a demo
booking page or a homepage, whatever you
want there. But have a [music] button to
go to your site and then also have a
link to go to a newsletter or some sort
of lead magnet. So if someone's not
ready to book a demo, you want to give
them the opportunity for them to give
you their email. So in my case, I have
this go to BlueCast, which is my
software company, and then I also have
it go to social files, which again is my
newsletter. You don't want people to
visit your profile and then just go away
and vanish into the wind. You want to
make it easy for you to capture their
interest and [music] intent on that
topic. Also, make sure your main link is
set up so mine goes to my newsletter
again. And you can also set it up so if
I go and click into this post here, you
can see that I have a custom button that
says view my newsletter. That goes to my
newsletter. So, you can set that up just
by doing this and go into your profile,
edit, and then go down to premium custom
button, edit custom button. And you can
actually set this up here. So, if you
want to have it to go to your site, you
put link here. I have mine to go to my
newsletter cuz again, we have a weight
list at Compound and I'm more interested
in getting newsletter subscribers and
capturing the email addresses. Set that
up. You do need LinkedIn Premium for
this. It is 100% worth it. You have not
very much to lose. So, now let's figure
out what to actually post. What should
your content strategy look like? And the
first thing we want to do here is answer
the golden question. So, what's the one
reason why someone should follow you on
LinkedIn? If you cannot articulate this
in one simple clear sentence, you have
work to do. If you're just starting on
LinkedIn, I would urge you to niche
down. I know people say you are your
niche, but no, like when you're first
getting started, you want to be known
for specific expertise, and often times
this will align with your previous
career experience. A lot of times you'll
have that experience that informs what
you're going to talk about. It gets a
bit trickier when you're truly starting
from scratch. You can do it, but it's
going to be a lot harder and it's going
to take some more time. Once you have
that, you want to build out your content
funnel. There are different stages of
the content funnel. A lot of times
founders will go too far in either
direction. So, they'll go too far top of
funnel and only post about super broad
generic topics that do get a lot of
visibility, but don't really attract
people with high intent. You see this a
lot with people who post generic
motivational slop on LinkedIn. A lot of
people like it. They'll get thousands of
likes sometimes. But doesn't that really
drive business, especially if you're
selling a high ticket software? Probably
not. On the flip side, this is more
common in the founders I speak to, but
they'll often go too far bottom of
funnel, which means they're only just
talking about their product. It's all
sales pitches, and they love their
product. They think it's so cool, so
they think that their audience thinks
the same thing. Your middle ofunnel
content is going to be your industry
specific thought leadership. This is
meant to establish you as an authority
in your category. It's more specific to
your ICP and your product and what they
care about, but it's not a sales pitch.
You want to [music] have the appropriate
balance of all three. It's not always an
even split. What I'd recommend for the
cadence is if you're posting five times
per week on LinkedIn, which is the
output that I would recommend if you're
trying to take LinkedIn seriously and
use content like go to market, one of
those posts should be top of funnel,
three of those posts should be middle of
funnel, one of those posts should be
bottom of funnel. This is a good
starting point. You might want to tweak
it as you go, but generally speaking,
131 is a good split. And by the way, if
you're like, "This makes sense, but I
don't know exactly where to start," I
put together a five post template pack
that gets you through your first week of
content following this exact strategy,
and it's completely for free. You can
get access to it in the link in the
description below. This will help you
figure out exactly what to post for your
first week of content on LinkedIn.
[music] Now, the next step of this lead
generation system that actually works in
2026 is audience design. One of the cool
things about LinkedIn and one of the
ways that it stands out from other
platforms like Instagram or X or even
YouTube is that you can actually design
your audience by sending outbound
connection requests. You can manually
feed people into your audience that are
in your ICP or your ideal customer
profile. Because what happens is when
you send a connection request, if
someone accepts it, it's automatically a
mutual follow. So, they're going to
start seeing your content. So, if you're
following the content funnel we laid out
and you're posting five times per week
and if the content's good, they're going
to engage and now they're in your
flywheel. And you can do this as a way
to get around having to wait for the
LinkedIn algorithm to serve your content
to the right people, especially earlier
on. One of the things that can be hard
about building an audience on any
platform is that early phase where you
don't quite have an audience. And this
brings me to the fourth component of
this lead generation strategy, which is
outbound engagement. Similar to audience
design and sending outbound connection
requests, you also want to be commenting
on other people's content. Especially in
2026, comments are content. They're a
great way to show up in the comment
section of people who are your ICP or
other creators that your ICP follows.
What will also happen when you start
commenting on other people's content,
especially other creators, is they'll
likely start to reciprocate and you'll
see them commenting on your post and
this helps amplify your content. When
you're doing all these things and
building out your content motion,
sending DMs becomes more effective and
you're going to get more responses and
opens and more interest from people
because as you build an audience on
LinkedIn, people come to know and
recognize and you can actually use
signals like audience engagement to
inform who you message. And when you do
that, it's not really a cold DM anymore.
It feels like a warm message because
they've already seen you. They read your
content, watch your content, and they
feel like they know you. And there are a
few signals you can use to inform your
outreach. The most obvious one is going
to be profile view. So if someone views
your profile, you can actually see this
if I go to my profile here and click
profile views, I can see exactly who has
looked at my profile. And if I find
people who are in my ICP that have
viewed my profile, who I'm not connected
with, I'm definitely going to send them
a connection request and I might even
send them a message. You can also look
at your profile engagement. If I go to
my latest post yesterday, if I scroll
through here and see people that could
be in my ICP that I haven't connected
with or could be a good lead, I'm going
to send them a connection request and
perhaps DM them as well. If I do decide
to reach out, I know they've already
seen my content. I'm not going in
completely cold. Now, I genuinely
believe that this is the best lead
generation strategy that you could use
on LinkedIn this year. But if you don't
understand how the platform is
fundamentally changing in market shifts
and technical changes and trends, all of
it, you won't get the best results
possible. So, click here to check out
the next video where I go through
exactly what I'm noticing behind the
scenes and show you how LinkedIn is
changing right now so you can stay on
top of the trends and beat out your
competitors.